Welcome to PiratePad!

This pad text is synchronized as you type, so that everyone viewing this page sees the same text.  This allows you to collaborate seamlessly on documents!
 
 Is this cheating?
 ha yes thats ok tho

did you see facebook?


damn. i instinctively wanted to open another tab, but this would become fragmented
i was wondering about tabs


if you switch to another tab, it will load it for me if you want to keep a tab open, it has to be in the background. I will try and stop cheating with piratepad. though its at work, so...
:) 

woah
hehehhe

i tried to troll someone by going to facebook
and being like ' I HAXD IT'

...but they didnt have a facebook account
huhuhuhu

[ONLY ON ARTSEC]

I want drawing tools for the sites

 it feels like we're jumping in time and space
  we are connecting over a huge distance, but small compared to that starscape
waiting for the next portal
  maybe a timelimit before you get connected to someone new? quantum entanglement is messy?

well, i can tell artsec people and/or friends of brian are patient, and friendly. But I really should get back to work

this was fun, ciao
 [/detangle]


/////


ohai

i wish i was in brooklyn right now

but i am in the upper east side

the extension was left on, haha

I wonder if this is more a background thing, letting people peek into your browsing, over the shoulder

or communications

it is certainly very personal I closed any tabs I wouldn't want to share before turnng it on
but then still hesitated wondering if my history is accessible:)

thats smart. It just shares URLs so...even if I am logged in to my mail its not going to do anything. But I bet I can scare you, check this out.

I totally hacked into your facebook. But not really :)
thats funny because I don't have an account;)
ha

ahhh damn! only on artsec!
jonas' public access me is not updating been fibonacci wikipedia page for a while

O_O

i'm at work, are you?

i am looking for work in brooklyn, partners for art projects, are you?

well, i'm going to untangle, nice chatting


/////


